= About Badgeable

Badgeable is an elegant DSL for awarding badges

== Overview

Badgeable provides an elegant DSL for describing and awarding badges
to your Ruby objects.

== Usage

Describe the badges you want to award using the badge block. The only 
configuration directive required for each badge is the name of the badge
and the name constant of the awarding class:

  class Person
    include Mongoid::Document
    include Badgeable::Subject
    embeds_many :nachos
  end

  badge "Nacho Nacho Man" do
    thing Nacho
    count 40
    subject :person
    conditions do |nacho|
      nacho.spicy?
    end
  end

would award the "Nacho Nacho Man" badge to each Person who eats 40 
nachos, and the last one was spicy.

  class Person
    include Mongoid::Document
    include Badgeable::Subject
    references_many :meals
  end

  badge "Fancy Pants" do
    thing Meal
    subject :person
    count
      Meal.where(:price_cents.gte => 10000).count >= 12
    end
    conditions do |meal|
      meal.restaurant.city != meal.eater.city
    end
  end
  
would award the "Fancy Pants" badge to the diner who has eaten 12 
expensive meals where the awarding meal was out of town.

You can also award arbitrary badges using your own business logic by 
calling #award_badge(badge_name) on any Badgeable instance:

  yehuda = Person.create(:name => "Yehuda Katz")
  yehuda.award_badge("Total Badass")

== Setup

Badge recipient classes should include Badgeable::Subject.
Extending an awarding class with Badgeable::Award will allow you
to define badge blocks in the awarding class definition. You may
also eval a separate file of badge definitions in the context of
Badgeable::Award.

When used with Rails, Badgeable will look for badging definitions
in Rails.root/lib/badges.rb

== Requirements

=== Supported ORMs
* Mongoid
* ActiveRecord

= License

Copyright (c) 2010 Scott Burton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.


THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
